"Thank you to the Studio. Author and others for creating this beautiful work"
A thousand years ago.
Sky Secret Pearl. one of the three treasures of the Cang Lang Dao territory.
Accidentally abandoned and silent.
Taken by Situ Nan. the first strongest person in Zhu Que country.
According to Sky-Turning Pearl's rumors. it might be in the ancient god's domain.
The battle for wealth will never end.
This pearl is mine!
Situ. the Heavenly Defying Pearl is not
something you can look forward to.
Nonsense!
[SITU NAN.
Second generation vermilion bird
Vermillion Country]
Nonsense!
[SITU NAN.
Second generation vermilion bird
Vermillion Country]
You can take this pearl.
[SITU NAN.
Second generation vermilion bird
Vermillion Country]
You can take this pearl.
Can't?!
Arrogant!
love me like
The strongest master of the Vermillion country.
Second generation vermilion.
Prevent strong people from the outer region.
As if you joined forces to lay siege!
My life is not in vain either.
Hand over the Heavenly Defying Pearl.
then you will not die.
So why reject it?
I will take your life!
Finger of destruction?
'World Change'
Heaven-defying pearl!
'Wheel of Destiny'
'Submit to an era'
'Defying the Immortal Age'
Although today my body is broken.
But signs appear
destined person...
...will unite us again.
Episode 1 - Leaving Home
Kingcastillo subtitles. thanks for watching
Therefore. heaven will give humans great responsibility.
First. someone must
endure the difficulties.
Train our muscles and bones.
The skin becomes dry.
The body feels empty.
Walk in confusion.
So you have to resist the temptation...
...and benefit
of what cannot be done.
Tie Zhu.
Four villages and eight villages have paid the initial installments
for this collection of immortal wood carvings.
Only to participate in the Immortal Conference.
next three days.
This is a triennial event.
This affects the protection
Immortal for our country Zhao.
Must...
...physically and mentally prepared!
Father. Tie Zhu.
Let's eat first.
Yes mom. You guys eat first.
...
You again.
Brother. how are you preparing for
Interest on debt this month?
Look there.
What rubbish is this!
This is enough.
We will pay you our debt.
This is my son's money to take the exam.
Don't talk too much.
move!
This is the source of our life.
Don't take it.
Do not touch me!
Every injustice and debt
must be paid.
If family debts have not been paid.
Can the future be discussed?
We will give you what you want.
This is money for my son's future.
I beg you.
Mother and father.
You guys. get up.
My future is not determined by kneeling!
Tie Zhu was really understanding.
Next month we have to prepare.
Come on!
Caramba.
wang family.
Why can't you just tolerate me?
second son of a concubine?
Every injustice and debt
must be paid.
It's a good saying indeed.
But my injustice and debt.
Who should I ask?
Beg and ask for help?
Tie Zhu.
Regional Exam next year.
maybe you can register.
We can't help you.
There is still one more year of preparation.
There must be a way out.
Tie Zhu was already big.
Fourth uncle.
-Sister. just sit down.
-Fourth brother. why are you here?
I should have arrived earlier.
It's still too late!
These people are going too far!
My coming this time
because there are important things.
The Hengyue Sect was a major sect of cultivators.
Immortal in our country Zhao.
They are recruiting students now.
THIS EXAM.
Our Wang family got three quotas.
I tried so hard...
...to find a testing opportunity for Tie Zhu.
As long as Tie Zhu joins the Immortal Sect.
Let's see if that bastard still dares to bully them!
Cultivating immortality is really good.
But I heard that cultivating immortality comes with many dangers.
It is something we cannot imagine.
We will both be doing more wood carvings this year.
To prepare well
for next year's exam.
Regarding those debts.
Whether in 10 or 20 years.
I can handle it too.
Mother father.
I never slack
during years.
But there are so many changes in this family.
I don't want them to be bullied all the time.
I also don't want you to work too hard.
I have thought about it.
Because life is not easy.
You better do your best!
Human destiny is not determined by fate.
Tie Zhu.
Second Brother. Sister-in-law.
Let Tie Zhu try it first.
Mother father.
Fourth uncle.
I will definitely meet your expectations.
Why choose the most difficult path.
I will definitely do my best!
At that moment they kicked me out of the main residence.
Unexpectedly. there will be a day of returning here again.
Tie Zhu.
When you get cynical comments from them.
Do not take it seriously.
Dad. calm down.
Aiyo~
Second brother and Tie Zhu came.
Please forgive the previous incident.
Tie Zhu has arrived.
Tie Zhu had been smart since he was little.
Correct.
Sister Tie Zhu. you came.
Immortal accepts disciples....
...The most important.
whether related to Immortal or not.
Do you really think it's just...
carving the immortal statue for several days.
So can you have immortal energy?
Heard.
Immortal Daoxu of the Hengyue Sect
I really appreciate our young master Zhuo.
Therefore. giving us three installments
for the Wang family.
It is immortal?
He is truly immortal.
The immortal is coming.
Please Immortal bless you.
This is immortal.
Three installments.
for you?
Welcome immortal.
That's right. three of them.
You are Wang Zhuo.
You actually have talent.
No wonder Uncle Daoxu likes her.
Thank you major for your praise.
-Me. Wang Ling.
-Me. Wang Hao.
You guys go up.
Immortal Lord.
let me say goodbye
first to my parents.
Mother father.
I will definitely do my best.
Take good care of yourselves at home.
Son. it doesn't matter even if you are not selected.
Come back safe and sound.
We will stay there.
Don't worry. mom.
What a country bumpkin.
Brother Tie Zhu. don't be afraid.
Arriving at Hengyue Sect.
I'll protect you.
So. thanks for your help.
Wow~
This is the Immortal Mountain.
Why is the fog so thick?
Immortal kingdom...
...certainly very mysterious.
You stupid.
This is called Wind Diagram Cloud Trace Formation.
Do you think anyone in the immortal sect can find this?
I am the immortal Huang Long.
Leader of the Hengyue sect.
My Hengyue Sect has always been strict in recruiting disciples.
And between you.
There will be very few selected...
...and become a disciple of my Hengyue Sect.
Talent is very important for
cultivating immortality.
First. try the spiritual roots.
Not eligible.
...
Are you the Wang Zhuo that Junior Daoxu mentioned?
Your talent is really good.
Stand on the right side.
Not eligible.
Just give it to him.
Very fast.
Enjoying the eternal blessings of the Immortal.
Long live and be blessed by heaven.
I. Wang Hao. bow to you.
You're good at talking too.
Qualification..
Immortal Lord.
This is a 300-year-old spirit mushroom that my father accidentally obtained.
I brought it especially from home....
...to give it to you.
I need students who can
She made pills next to me.
Seeing your intelligence. are you willing?
The students are ready!
Is this okay too?
Not eligible.
If family debts have not been paid.
What future is there to talk about?!
- We'll give you whatever you want.
- This is your son's future.
Do you really think it's just...
carving the immortal statue for several days.
So can you have immortal energy?
First.
testing spiritual roots.
No! It's definitely not over yet.
That person just said this is
first exam.
There must be another test.
Cultivating immortality. spiritual roots
It is the most important thing.
But if you have extraordinary perseverance and
have a destiny with eternity.
He may also be an enrolled student.
Whether or not you can enter the Hengyue Sect.…
...let the Heavenly Ladder decide.
Reaching the top of the heavenly stairs before
sunset on the Holy Mountain of Fairyland.
Even if you meet the requirements.
If you don't finish it before sunset.
then it is considered a failure.
If you can't survive in the middle of the road
or face danger.
You can scream loudly.
Someone will take you.
I first!
Don't reach me.
Everyone stand aside!
Do not push me!
This is my last chance.
Move!
What happened?
Where does this fire come from?
Aid!
I will burn to death.
Fail.
I can not anymore!
Aid!
Fail.
This...
Mirage?
Everything is an illusion.
Even if it's not an illusion.
and become disabled.
I'll keep climbing too!
Sincerity brings success.
I want to become immortal!
What is this?
He's almost there though.
Why reject me?
The time has passed.
childish heart.
Meanwhile. the main road is very cruel.
Vain.
It's all in vain.
You come.
This day has finally arrived!
Kingcastillo subtitles. thanks for watching
...